CREATE VIEW 1:

This "Virtual Table" or in this create view statement will view the user the 
employees working in the company in less than 2 years.

Why do we think that this is necessary? 
We do think that this is necessary because you need to keep track 
of who are the new employees that were hired in your company. 
In this specific create view statement, you are keeping track of all the 
employees working for only less than 2 years or woking in your company since 2019
to the present year, 2021.


CREATE VIEW 2:

As for the second "Virtual Table", this create view statment will view the 
Employee_ID, coming from the Work_Logs table, that has the longest hours working 
in a project, for example.

Now, why do we think that this is necessary?
By knowing the employee who has the longest time working can help your company keep 
track of the payroll as well as the time off and vacation of an employee. This can 
also help your company determine who is the most hard working employee of the month 
or week for salary bonuses or etc.


Trigger1:

This trigger can help your company reassure that you have addded a new employee 
whenever you are inserting a newly hired employee in the Employee table. Without 
this trigger in your database, things can get a little bit complicated whenever 
you are inserting numerous and various employees in your database. 


Stored Procedure 1 (SelectAllCustomer):

Managing a company can be tough sometimes. You need to handle, organize, and manage 
a large amount of data. In this stored procedure, named SelectAllCustomer, you can 
select all the information that you have under the customer table in a specific 
Region_ID that you will input in the stored procedure. With just one stored procedure 
in your database, you can easily identify all the customers that in a specific area or 
region. 


Stored Procedure 2 (GetNoOfEmployees):

Keeping track of the right amount of employees in a particular project is needed 
when you are managing or running a company. In this stored procedure, you can easily 
get the number of employees 



